hey there YouTube got the 2500 HD
Duramax running again
thank God thanks Wayne for give me a
hand
say hey YouTube hey there mama she doing
homework yeah thank god that's running
again and let's see 2001 740 still
looking for a motor for an exploder is
unexploded and running now runs great
needs a good good detail but for Ford
she runs pretty good pretty damn nice
truck really for what it is but yet the
Sunfire done kind of trans put in that
up more things I'll be ready to go sure
is nice to have the truck back very nice
you know to borrow people's vehicles
again I don't know how to act and I also
want to thank some youtubers I need to
thank I need to thank this on Jap crap
for finding a video for me on the stuck
injectors who gave me his phone number
and helped me help me out with a few
things and I also want to thank uncommon
diesel for doing the video who also gave
me his phone number I talked to him on
the phone and both super great guys go
and check out their channels very
helpful very great guys and yes that's
about it
until the next video YouTube doctor
later